This lab was to analyze the radiation distribution data of Cs-137. Timing when radiation was detected off the radiative material, I could analyze the difference in time between each detection. One way to analyze this data is to count how many times similar differences in time between detections occured. This would give insights into the nature of the radiative material, and since the detections should be random, it would be possible to compare the histogram with a poissonian distribution (at least in theory).

After plotting the histogram, we visually saw that it related but needed further proving. Fitting the peaks of each bar in the histogram was the best way to analyze the behaviour of the time differences. This turned out to pass the Chi Squared test and due to the small residuals (difference in experimental vs fitted data) in 'Histogram res.png', we can rest assured that the analysis was correct. 

In 'Histogram.png' the orange dots are where the poissonian distributions would lie in our data, the black lines are uncertainty bars on the histogram. The histogram bars are in blue. And another fitted function, which did not turn out to well suit the data, was the Gaussian function represented with the green line.

In 'Histogram res.png' The red dot incidate the difference from the histogram values and the poissonian distribution. The red lines indicate the uncertainty in the residuals. Similar definitions for the blue points and lines are associated to the gaussian distributions. Since the red residuals are smaller, and they pass the Chi-Squared test, it's much more likely that the histogram follows the poissonian distribution
